abkhazia        	: Abkhazia
afghanistan     	: Afghanistan
algeria         	: Algeria
armenia         	: Armenia
australia       	: Australia
azerbaijan      	: Azerbaijan
bahrain         	: Bahrein
bali            	: Bali
bangladesh      	: Bangladesh
bosnia          	: Bosnia
bulgaria        	: Bulgaria
burma           	: Burma
butane          	: Buthan
cambodia        	: Cambogia
cameroon        	: Camerun
canada          	: Canada
china           	: Cina
croatia         	: Croazia
egypt           	: Egitto
england         	: Inghilterra
eritrea         	: Eritrea
estland         	: Estland
ethiopia        	: Etiopia
fiji_islands    	: Isole Figi
finland         	: Finlandia
france          	: Francia
georgia         	: Georgia
germany         	: Germania
goa             	: Goa
greece          	: Grecia
guam            	: Guam
guinea          	: Guinea
herzegovina     	: Erzegovina
hungary         	: Ungheria
india           	: India
indonesia       	: Indonesia
iran            	: Iran
iraq            	: Iraq
ireland         	: Irlanda
israel          	: Israele
italy           	: Italia
jakarta         	: Giakarta
japan           	: Giappone
kashmir         	: Kashmir
kazakhstan      	: Kazakistan
kenya           	: Kenya
kuwait          	: Kuwait
laos            	: Laos
levant          	: levante
liberia         	: Liberia
libya           	: Libia
lombok          	: Lombok
macedonia       	: Macedonia
malaysia        	: Malesia
maldives        	: Maldive
mali            	: Mali
malta           	: Malta
mauritius       	: Mauritius
mesopotamia     	: Mesopotamia
moldova         	: Moldavia
mongolia        	: Mongolia
montenegro      	: Montenegro
myanmar         	: Myanmar
nepal           	: Nepal
nigeria         	: Nigeria
north_africa    	: Nordafrica
north_korea     	: Corea del Nord
north_philippines 	: Filippine
norway          	: Norvegia
pakistan        	: Pakistan
peru            	: Per√π
philippines     	: Filippine
poland          	: Polonia
rumania         	: Romania
russia          	: Russia
salvador        	: Salvador
scotland        	: Scozia
serbia          	: Serbia
sierra_leone    	: Sierra Leone
singapore       	: Singapore
slovenia        	: Slovenia
somalia         	: Somalia
south_korea     	: Corea del Sud
sri_lanka       	: Sri Lanka
sudan           	: Sudan
sumatra         	: Sumatra
sweden          	: Svezia
syria           	: Siria
taiwan          	: Taiwan
tanzania        	: Tanzania
thailand        	: Tailandia
tibet           	: Tibet
turkey          	: Turchia
uganda          	: Uganda
ukraine         	: Ucraina
usa             	: Stati Uniti d'America
vietnam         	: Vietnam
wales           	: Galles 
